#RANCID-CONTENT-TYPE: opengear
#
#
#
#
#
config.alerts.migrated on
config.auth.extendedsessionids on
config.auth.sessionlifetime 480
config.auth.type Local
config.console.flow None
config.console.ppp.auth None
config.console.speed 115200
config.eventlog.server.type None
config.firewall.portrules.total 0
config.groups.group1.description Default system super user group
config.groups.group1.name root
config.groups.group10.description Group to set default shell to pmshell
config.groups.group10.name pmshell
config.groups.group10.roles.role1 pmshell_user
config.groups.group10.roles.total 1
config.groups.group11.description Provides users with basic management privileges
config.groups.group11.name users
config.groups.group11.roles.role1 basic_webui_user
config.groups.group11.roles.role2 shell_user
config.groups.group11.roles.total 2
config.groups.group12.description Group to allow access to all serial ports and managed devices, including portmanager shell access. Please note that portmanager shell access overrides UNIX shell access
config.groups.group12.name pmoperator
config.groups.group12.roles.role1 all_ports_user
config.groups.group12.roles.role2 pmshell_user
config.groups.group12.roles.total 2
config.groups.group13.description Group to allow basic web access and administration of serial ports
config.groups.group13.name pmadmin
config.groups.group13.roles.role1 basic_webui_user
config.groups.group13.roles.role2 port_admin
config.groups.group13.roles.total 2
config.groups.group2.description Provides users with unlimited configuration and management privileges
config.groups.group2.name admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role1 admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role2 shell_user
config.groups.group2.roles.total 2
config.groups.group3.description Provides users with minimal privileges
config.groups.group3.name nobody
config.groups.group4.description Group for users created automatically via network authentication
config.groups.group4.name netgrp
config.groups.group5.description Group to allow USB access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group5.name usb
config.groups.group6.description Group to allow serial access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group6.name serial
config.groups.group7.description Group to allow access to the PPTP VPN server
config.groups.group7.name pptpd
config.groups.group8.description Group to allow dialin access via modems
config.groups.group8.name dialin
config.groups.group9.description Group to allow ftp access and file access to storage devices
config.groups.group9.name ftp
config.groups.total 13
config.interfaces.eth1.address 10.245.2.150
config.interfaces.eth1.gateway 10.245.2.254
config.interfaces.eth1.media auto
config.interfaces.eth1.mode static
config.interfaces.eth1.netmask 255.255.255.255
config.interfaces.lan.device.type marvell
config.interfaces.lan.disabled on
config.interfaces.oobfo.disabled on
config.interfaces.wan.address 10.245.34.20
config.interfaces.wan.ddns.provider none
config.interfaces.wan.dns2 8.8.8.8
config.interfaces.wan.gateway 10.245.34.254
config.interfaces.wan.media Auto
config.interfaces.wan.mode static
config.interfaces.wan.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.ntp.enabled on
config.ntp.server 10.247.2.1
config.ntp.servers.server1.address 10.245.2.1
config.ntp.servers.server1.key_id 0
config.ntp.servers.total 1
config.ports.port1.charsize 8
config.ports.port1.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port1.label aimcore01
config.ports.port1.loglevel 0
config.ports.port1.mode portmanager
config.ports.port1.parity None
config.ports.port1.pinout X2
config.ports.port1.protocol RS232
config.ports.port1.speed 9600
config.ports.port1.ssh on
config.ports.port1.stop 1
config.ports.port1.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port1.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port1.terminal vt220
config.ports.port1.webshell on
config.ports.port10.charsize 8
config.ports.port10.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port10.label Port 10
config.ports.port10.loglevel 0
config.ports.port10.mode portmanager
config.ports.port10.parity None
config.ports.port10.pinout X2
config.ports.port10.protocol RS232
config.ports.port10.speed 9600
config.ports.port10.ssh on
config.ports.port10.stop 1
config.ports.port10.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port10.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port10.terminal vt220
config.ports.port10.webshell on
config.ports.port11.charsize 8
config.ports.port11.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port11.label Port 11
config.ports.port11.loglevel 0
config.ports.port11.mode portmanager
config.ports.port11.parity None
config.ports.port11.pinout X2
config.ports.port11.protocol RS232
config.ports.port11.speed 9600
config.ports.port11.ssh on
config.ports.port11.stop 1
config.ports.port11.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port11.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port11.terminal vt220
config.ports.port11.webshell on
config.ports.port12.charsize 8
config.ports.port12.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port12.label Port 12
config.ports.port12.loglevel 0
config.ports.port12.mode portmanager
config.ports.port12.parity None
config.ports.port12.pinout X2
config.ports.port12.protocol RS232
config.ports.port12.speed 9600
config.ports.port12.ssh on
config.ports.port12.stop 1
config.ports.port12.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port12.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port12.terminal vt220
config.ports.port12.webshell on
config.ports.port13.charsize 8
config.ports.port13.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port13.label Port 13
config.ports.port13.loglevel 0
config.ports.port13.mode portmanager
config.ports.port13.parity None
config.ports.port13.pinout X2
config.ports.port13.protocol RS232
config.ports.port13.speed 9600
config.ports.port13.ssh on
config.ports.port13.stop 1
config.ports.port13.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port13.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port13.terminal vt220
config.ports.port13.webshell on
config.ports.port14.charsize 8
config.ports.port14.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port14.label Port 14
config.ports.port14.loglevel 0
config.ports.port14.mode portmanager
config.ports.port14.parity None
config.ports.port14.pinout X2
config.ports.port14.protocol RS232
config.ports.port14.speed 9600
config.ports.port14.ssh on
config.ports.port14.stop 1
config.ports.port14.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port14.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port14.terminal vt220
config.ports.port14.webshell on
config.ports.port15.charsize 8
config.ports.port15.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port15.label Port 15
config.ports.port15.loglevel 0
config.ports.port15.mode portmanager
config.ports.port15.parity None
config.ports.port15.pinout X2
config.ports.port15.protocol RS232
config.ports.port15.speed 9600
config.ports.port15.ssh on
config.ports.port15.stop 1
config.ports.port15.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port15.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port15.terminal vt220
config.ports.port15.webshell on
config.ports.port16.charsize 8
config.ports.port16.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port16.label Port 16
config.ports.port16.loglevel 0
config.ports.port16.mode portmanager
config.ports.port16.parity None
config.ports.port16.pinout X2
config.ports.port16.protocol RS232
config.ports.port16.speed 9600
config.ports.port16.ssh on
config.ports.port16.stop 1
config.ports.port16.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port16.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port16.terminal vt220
config.ports.port16.webshell on
config.ports.port2.charsize 8
config.ports.port2.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port2.label aimcore02
config.ports.port2.loglevel 0
config.ports.port2.mode portmanager
config.ports.port2.parity None
config.ports.port2.pinout X2
config.ports.port2.protocol RS232
config.ports.port2.speed 9600
config.ports.port2.ssh on
config.ports.port2.stop 1
config.ports.port2.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port2.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port2.terminal vt220
config.ports.port2.webshell on
config.ports.port3.charsize 8
config.ports.port3.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port3.label aimfw01-1(M)
config.ports.port3.loglevel 0
config.ports.port3.mode portmanager
config.ports.port3.parity None
config.ports.port3.pinout X2
config.ports.port3.protocol RS232
config.ports.port3.speed 9600
config.ports.port3.ssh on
config.ports.port3.stop 1
config.ports.port3.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port3.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port3.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.webshell on
config.ports.port4.charsize 8
config.ports.port4.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port4.label aimfw01-2(B)
config.ports.port4.loglevel 0
config.ports.port4.mode portmanager
config.ports.port4.parity None
config.ports.port4.pinout X2
config.ports.port4.protocol RS232
config.ports.port4.speed 9600
config.ports.port4.ssh on
config.ports.port4.stop 1
config.ports.port4.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port4.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port4.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.webshell on
config.ports.port5.charsize 8
config.ports.port5.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port5.label aimsbc01p
config.ports.port5.loglevel 0
config.ports.port5.mode portmanager
config.ports.port5.parity None
config.ports.port5.pinout X2
config.ports.port5.protocol RS232
config.ports.port5.speed 115200
config.ports.port5.ssh on
config.ports.port5.stop 1
config.ports.port5.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port5.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port5.terminal vt220
config.ports.port5.webshell on
config.ports.port6.charsize 8
config.ports.port6.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port6.label aimsbc01s
config.ports.port6.loglevel 0
config.ports.port6.mode portmanager
config.ports.port6.parity None
config.ports.port6.pinout X2
config.ports.port6.protocol RS232
config.ports.port6.speed 115200
config.ports.port6.ssh on
config.ports.port6.stop 1
config.ports.port6.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port6.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port6.terminal vt220
config.ports.port6.webshell on
config.ports.port7.charsize 8
config.ports.port7.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port7.label Port 7
config.ports.port7.loglevel 0
config.ports.port7.mode portmanager
config.ports.port7.parity None
config.ports.port7.pinout X2
config.ports.port7.protocol RS232
config.ports.port7.speed 9600
config.ports.port7.ssh on
config.ports.port7.stop 1
config.ports.port7.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port7.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port7.terminal vt220
config.ports.port7.webshell on
config.ports.port8.charsize 8
config.ports.port8.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port8.label Port 8
config.ports.port8.loglevel 0
config.ports.port8.mode portmanager
config.ports.port8.parity None
config.ports.port8.pinout X2
config.ports.port8.protocol RS232
config.ports.port8.speed 9600
config.ports.port8.ssh on
config.ports.port8.stop 1
config.ports.port8.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port8.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port8.terminal vt220
config.ports.port8.webshell on
config.ports.port9.charsize 8
config.ports.port9.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port9.label Port 9
config.ports.port9.loglevel 0
config.ports.port9.mode portmanager
config.ports.port9.parity None
config.ports.port9.pinout X2
config.ports.port9.protocol RS232
config.ports.port9.speed 9600
config.ports.port9.ssh on
config.ports.port9.stop 1
config.ports.port9.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port9.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port9.terminal vt220
config.ports.port9.webshell on
config.powersupplies.total 1
config.services.ftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.sd/tftpboot
config.services.http.enabled on
config.services.https.enabled on
config.services.snmp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.protocol UDP
config.services.snmp.roauthprotocol SHA
config.services.snmp.rocommunity noc_services
config.services.snmp.roprivprotocol DES
config.services.snmp.syscontact nio@arkadin.com
config.services.snmp.syslocation AIM
config.services.ssh.enabled on
config.services.tftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.sd/tftpboot
config.storage.sd.description SD card
config.storage.sd.device /dev/disk/by-path/platform-d00d4000.mvsdio-part1
config.storage.sd.enabled on
config.storage.sd.mountopts -t vfat -o sync,flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.sd.type device
config.storage.usb.description Internal USB flash
config.storage.usb.device /dev/sda1
config.storage.usb.enabled on
config.storage.usb.mountopts -t vfat -o flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.usb.type device
config.syslog.loglevel info
config.syslog.server.hostname 10.250.137.24
config.syslog.servers.server1.address 10.102.10.130
config.syslog.servers.server1.loglevel info
config.syslog.servers.server1.port 514
config.syslog.servers.server1.protocol udp
config.syslog.servers.total 1
config.system.backup.time 1556542595
config.system.location AIM rack 
config.system.model CM7116-2-DAC
config.system.name aimcons01
config.system.snmp.authprotocol SHA
config.system.snmp.authprotocol2 SHA
config.system.snmp.privprotocol DES
config.system.snmp.privprotocol2 DES
config.system.snmp.protocol UDP
config.system.snmp.protocol2 UDP
config.system.snmp.trapport 162
config.system.timezone USA - Eastern
config.users.total 5
config.users.user1.description Root User
config.users.user1.disabled on
config.users.user1.groups.total 6
config.users.user1.username root
config.users.user2.description Network Operations
config.users.user2.groups.group1 admin
config.users.user2.port1 on
config.users.user2.port10 on
config.users.user2.port11 on
config.users.user2.port12 on
config.users.user2.port13 on
config.users.user2.port14 on
config.users.user2.port15 on
config.users.user2.port16 on
config.users.user2.port17 on
config.users.user2.port18 on
config.users.user2.port2 on
config.users.user2.port3 on
config.users.user2.port4 on
config.users.user2.port5 on
config.users.user2.port6 on
config.users.user2.port7 on
config.users.user2.port8 on
config.users.user2.port9 on
config.users.user2.username netops
config.users.user3.description NOC - no shell
config.users.user3.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user3.groups.group2 users
config.users.user3.port1 on
config.users.user3.port10 on
config.users.user3.port11 on
config.users.user3.port12 on
config.users.user3.port13 on
config.users.user3.port14 on
config.users.user3.port15 on
config.users.user3.port16 on
config.users.user3.port17 on
config.users.user3.port18 on
config.users.user3.port2 on
config.users.user3.port3 on
config.users.user3.port4 on
config.users.user3.port5 on
config.users.user3.port6 on
config.users.user3.port7 on
config.users.user3.port8 on
config.users.user3.port9 on
config.users.user3.username noc
config.users.user4.groups.group1 users
config.users.user4.username rancid
config.users.user5.description Voice Operations
config.users.user5.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user5.port1 on
config.users.user5.port10 on
config.users.user5.port11 on
config.users.user5.port12 on
config.users.user5.port13 on
config.users.user5.port14 on
config.users.user5.port15 on
config.users.user5.port16 on
config.users.user5.port17 on
config.users.user5.port18 on
config.users.user5.port2 on
config.users.user5.port3 on
config.users.user5.port4 on
config.users.user5.port5 on
config.users.user5.port6 on
config.users.user5.port7 on
config.users.user5.port8 on
config.users.user5.port9 on
config.users.user5.username voiceops
config.version 0.6
cat: can't open '/proc/bus/usb/devices': No such file or directory
cat: can't open '/etc/config/shadow': Permission denied
OpenGear/CM71xx Version 4.4.1 a452d49b -- Wed Jan 16 04:47:11 UTC 2019
