#RANCID-CONTENT-TYPE: opengear
#
#
#
#
#
config.alerts.migrated on
config.auth.extendedsessionids on
config.auth.sessionlifetime 480
config.auth.type Local
config.console.flow None
config.console.ppp.auth None
config.console.speed 115200
config.dashboard.configured true
config.dashboard.position1.type ups
config.dashboard.position2.alarm on
config.dashboard.position2.amount 6
config.dashboard.position2.celldata on
config.dashboard.position2.custom on
config.dashboard.position2.enviro on
config.dashboard.position2.environmental on
config.dashboard.position2.login on
config.dashboard.position2.net_ping on
config.dashboard.position2.pattern on
config.dashboard.position2.power on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_login on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_pattern on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_signal on
config.dashboard.position2.signal on
config.dashboard.position2.sms on
config.dashboard.position2.type alerts
config.dashboard.position2.ups on
config.dashboard.position2.ups_status on
config.dashboard.position3.type rpc
config.dashboard.position4.amount 4
config.dashboard.position4.type devices
config.dashboard.position5.type emd
config.dashboard.position6.amount 4
config.dashboard.position6.type ports
config.dialin.services.https.enabled on
config.dialin.services.modified true
config.dialin.services.nagios_nrpe.enabled on
config.dialin.services.ntp.enabled on
config.dialin.services.nut.enabled on
config.dialin.services.ping.enabled on
config.dialin.services.rfc2217_ports.enabled on
config.dialin.services.snmp.enabled on
config.dialin.services.ssh.enabled on
config.dialin.services.ssh_ports.enabled on
config.dialin.services.tcp_ports.enabled on
config.dialin.services.telnet_ports.enabled on
config.dialin.services.unauthtel.enabled on
config.dialout.services.https.enabled on
config.dialout.services.modified true
config.dialout.services.ping.enabled on
config.dialout.services.ssh.enabled on
config.dialout.services.ssh_ports.enabled on
config.eventlog.server.type None
config.groups.group1.description Default system super user group
config.groups.group1.name root
config.groups.group2.description Provides users with unlimited configuration and management privileges
config.groups.group2.name admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role1 admin
config.groups.group2.roles.total 1
config.groups.group3.description Provides users with minimal privileges
config.groups.group3.name nobody
config.groups.group4.description Group for users created automatically via network authentication
config.groups.group4.name netgrp
config.groups.group5.description Group to allow serial access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group5.name serial
config.groups.group6.description Group to allow dialin access via modems
config.groups.group6.name dialin
config.groups.group7.description Group to allow ftp access and file access to storage devices
config.groups.group7.name ftp
config.groups.group8.description Group to set default shell to pmshell
config.groups.group8.name pmshell
config.groups.group9.description Provides users with basic management privileges
config.groups.group9.name users
config.groups.group9.roles.role1 users
config.groups.group9.roles.total 1
config.groups.total 9
config.interfaces.wan.address 10.247.23.82
config.interfaces.wan.dns2 8.8.8.8
config.interfaces.wan.gateway 10.247.23.254
config.interfaces.wan.media Auto
config.interfaces.wan.mode static
config.interfaces.wan.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.ntp.enabled on
config.ntp.servers.server1.address 10.247.2.1
config.ntp.servers.server1.key_id 0
config.ntp.servers.total 1
config.ports.port1.charsize 8
config.ports.port1.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port1.label sgnixrt01
config.ports.port1.loglevel 0
config.ports.port1.mode portmanager
config.ports.port1.parity None
config.ports.port1.pinout X2
config.ports.port1.protocol RS232
config.ports.port1.speed 9600
config.ports.port1.ssh on
config.ports.port1.stop 1
config.ports.port1.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port1.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port1.terminal vt220
config.ports.port1.webshell on
config.ports.port10.charsize 8
config.ports.port10.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port10.label sgnsbc01s
config.ports.port10.loglevel 0
config.ports.port10.mode portmanager
config.ports.port10.parity None
config.ports.port10.pinout X2
config.ports.port10.protocol RS232
config.ports.port10.speed 115200
config.ports.port10.ssh on
config.ports.port10.stop 1
config.ports.port10.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port10.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port10.terminal vt220
config.ports.port10.webshell on
config.ports.port11.charsize 8
config.ports.port11.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port11.label sgninet01
config.ports.port11.loglevel 0
config.ports.port11.mode portmanager
config.ports.port11.parity None
config.ports.port11.pinout X2
config.ports.port11.protocol RS232
config.ports.port11.speed 9600
config.ports.port11.ssh on
config.ports.port11.stop 1
config.ports.port11.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port11.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port11.terminal vt220
config.ports.port11.webshell on
config.ports.port12.charsize 8
config.ports.port12.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port12.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port12.label Port 12
config.ports.port12.loglevel 0
config.ports.port12.parity None
config.ports.port12.pinout X2
config.ports.port12.protocol RS232
config.ports.port12.speed 9600
config.ports.port12.ssh on
config.ports.port12.stop 1
config.ports.port12.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port12.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port12.terminal vt220
config.ports.port12.webshell on
config.ports.port13.charsize 8
config.ports.port13.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port13.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port13.label Port 13
config.ports.port13.loglevel 0
config.ports.port13.parity None
config.ports.port13.pinout X2
config.ports.port13.protocol RS232
config.ports.port13.speed 9600
config.ports.port13.ssh on
config.ports.port13.stop 1
config.ports.port13.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port13.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port13.terminal vt220
config.ports.port13.webshell on
config.ports.port14.charsize 8
config.ports.port14.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port14.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port14.label Port 14
config.ports.port14.loglevel 0
config.ports.port14.parity None
config.ports.port14.pinout X2
config.ports.port14.protocol RS232
config.ports.port14.speed 9600
config.ports.port14.ssh on
config.ports.port14.stop 1
config.ports.port14.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port14.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port14.terminal vt220
config.ports.port14.webshell on
config.ports.port15.charsize 8
config.ports.port15.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port15.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port15.label Port 15
config.ports.port15.loglevel 0
config.ports.port15.parity None
config.ports.port15.pinout X2
config.ports.port15.protocol RS232
config.ports.port15.speed 9600
config.ports.port15.ssh on
config.ports.port15.stop 1
config.ports.port15.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port15.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port15.terminal vt220
config.ports.port15.webshell on
config.ports.port16.charsize 8
config.ports.port16.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port16.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port16.label Port 16
config.ports.port16.loglevel 0
config.ports.port16.parity None
config.ports.port16.pinout X2
config.ports.port16.protocol RS232
config.ports.port16.speed 9600
config.ports.port16.ssh on
config.ports.port16.stop 1
config.ports.port16.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port16.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port16.terminal vt220
config.ports.port16.webshell on
config.ports.port17.charsize 8
config.ports.port17.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port17.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port17.loglevel 0
config.ports.port17.parity None
config.ports.port17.pinout X2
config.ports.port17.protocol RS232
config.ports.port17.speed 9600
config.ports.port17.ssh on
config.ports.port17.stop 1
config.ports.port17.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port17.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port17.terminal vt220
config.ports.port17.webshell on
config.ports.port18.charsize 8
config.ports.port18.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port18.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port18.label sgnaccs01-2
config.ports.port18.loglevel 0
config.ports.port18.mode portmanager
config.ports.port18.parity None
config.ports.port18.pinout X2
config.ports.port18.protocol RS232
config.ports.port18.speed 9600
config.ports.port18.ssh on
config.ports.port18.stop 1
config.ports.port18.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port18.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port18.terminal vt220
config.ports.port18.webshell on
config.ports.port19.charsize 8
config.ports.port19.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port19.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port19.loglevel 0
config.ports.port19.parity None
config.ports.port19.pinout X2
config.ports.port19.protocol RS232
config.ports.port19.speed 9600
config.ports.port19.ssh on
config.ports.port19.stop 1
config.ports.port19.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port19.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port19.terminal vt220
config.ports.port19.webshell on
config.ports.port2.charsize 8
config.ports.port2.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port2.label sgnixrt02
config.ports.port2.loglevel 0
config.ports.port2.mode portmanager
config.ports.port2.parity None
config.ports.port2.pinout X2
config.ports.port2.protocol RS232
config.ports.port2.speed 9600
config.ports.port2.ssh on
config.ports.port2.stop 1
config.ports.port2.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port2.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port2.terminal vt220
config.ports.port2.webshell on
config.ports.port20.charsize 8
config.ports.port20.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port20.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port20.loglevel 0
config.ports.port20.parity None
config.ports.port20.pinout X2
config.ports.port20.protocol RS232
config.ports.port20.speed 9600
config.ports.port20.ssh on
config.ports.port20.stop 1
config.ports.port20.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port20.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port20.terminal vt220
config.ports.port20.webshell on
config.ports.port21.charsize 8
config.ports.port21.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port21.label sgnaccs01-1
config.ports.port21.loglevel 0
config.ports.port21.mode portmanager
config.ports.port21.parity None
config.ports.port21.pinout X2
config.ports.port21.protocol RS232
config.ports.port21.speed 9600
config.ports.port21.ssh on
config.ports.port21.stop 1
config.ports.port21.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port21.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port21.terminal vt220
config.ports.port21.webshell on
config.ports.port22.charsize 8
config.ports.port22.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port22.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port22.label sgnssl01
config.ports.port22.loglevel 0
config.ports.port22.mode portmanager
config.ports.port22.parity None
config.ports.port22.pinout X2
config.ports.port22.protocol RS232
config.ports.port22.speed 9600
config.ports.port22.ssh on
config.ports.port22.stop 1
config.ports.port22.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port22.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port22.terminal vt220
config.ports.port22.webshell on
config.ports.port23.charsize 8
config.ports.port23.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port23.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port23.label sgnssl02
config.ports.port23.loglevel 0
config.ports.port23.mode portmanager
config.ports.port23.parity None
config.ports.port23.pinout X2
config.ports.port23.protocol RS232
config.ports.port23.speed 9600
config.ports.port23.ssh on
config.ports.port23.stop 1
config.ports.port23.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port23.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port23.terminal vt220
config.ports.port23.webshell on
config.ports.port24.charsize 8
config.ports.port24.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port24.label IDmanager03
config.ports.port24.loglevel 0
config.ports.port24.mode portmanager
config.ports.port24.parity None
config.ports.port24.pinout X2
config.ports.port24.protocol RS232
config.ports.port24.speed 9600
config.ports.port24.ssh on
config.ports.port24.stop 1
config.ports.port24.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port24.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port24.terminal vt220
config.ports.port24.webshell on
config.ports.port25.charsize 8
config.ports.port25.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port25.label Port 25
config.ports.port25.loglevel 0
config.ports.port25.mode portmanager
config.ports.port25.parity None
config.ports.port25.pinout X2
config.ports.port25.protocol RS232
config.ports.port25.speed 9600
config.ports.port25.ssh on
config.ports.port25.stop 1
config.ports.port25.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port25.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port25.terminal vt220
config.ports.port25.webshell on
config.ports.port26.charsize 8
config.ports.port26.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port26.label Port 26
config.ports.port26.loglevel 0
config.ports.port26.mode portmanager
config.ports.port26.parity None
config.ports.port26.pinout X2
config.ports.port26.protocol RS232
config.ports.port26.speed 9600
config.ports.port26.ssh on
config.ports.port26.stop 1
config.ports.port26.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port26.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port26.terminal vt220
config.ports.port26.webshell on
config.ports.port27.charsize 8
config.ports.port27.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port27.label Port 27
config.ports.port27.loglevel 0
config.ports.port27.mode portmanager
config.ports.port27.parity None
config.ports.port27.pinout X2
config.ports.port27.protocol RS232
config.ports.port27.speed 9600
config.ports.port27.ssh on
config.ports.port27.stop 1
config.ports.port27.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port27.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port27.terminal vt220
config.ports.port27.webshell on
config.ports.port28.charsize 8
config.ports.port28.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port28.label Port 28
config.ports.port28.loglevel 0
config.ports.port28.mode portmanager
config.ports.port28.parity None
config.ports.port28.pinout X2
config.ports.port28.protocol RS232
config.ports.port28.speed 9600
config.ports.port28.ssh on
config.ports.port28.stop 1
config.ports.port28.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port28.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port28.terminal vt220
config.ports.port28.webshell on
config.ports.port29.charsize 8
config.ports.port29.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port29.label Port 29
config.ports.port29.loglevel 0
config.ports.port29.mode portmanager
config.ports.port29.parity None
config.ports.port29.pinout X2
config.ports.port29.protocol RS232
config.ports.port29.speed 9600
config.ports.port29.ssh on
config.ports.port29.stop 1
config.ports.port29.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port29.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port29.terminal vt220
config.ports.port29.webshell on
config.ports.port3.charsize 8
config.ports.port3.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port3.label sgnixag01
config.ports.port3.loglevel 0
config.ports.port3.mode portmanager
config.ports.port3.parity None
config.ports.port3.pinout X2
config.ports.port3.protocol RS232
config.ports.port3.speed 9600
config.ports.port3.ssh on
config.ports.port3.stop 1
config.ports.port3.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port3.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port3.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.webshell on
config.ports.port30.charsize 8
config.ports.port30.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port30.label Port 30
config.ports.port30.loglevel 0
config.ports.port30.mode portmanager
config.ports.port30.parity None
config.ports.port30.pinout X2
config.ports.port30.protocol RS232
config.ports.port30.speed 9600
config.ports.port30.ssh on
config.ports.port30.stop 1
config.ports.port30.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port30.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port30.terminal vt220
config.ports.port30.webshell on
config.ports.port31.charsize 8
config.ports.port31.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port31.label Port 31
config.ports.port31.loglevel 0
config.ports.port31.mode portmanager
config.ports.port31.parity None
config.ports.port31.pinout X2
config.ports.port31.protocol RS232
config.ports.port31.speed 9600
config.ports.port31.ssh on
config.ports.port31.stop 1
config.ports.port31.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port31.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port31.terminal vt220
config.ports.port31.webshell on
config.ports.port32.charsize 8
config.ports.port32.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port32.label Port 32
config.ports.port32.loglevel 0
config.ports.port32.mode portmanager
config.ports.port32.parity None
config.ports.port32.pinout X2
config.ports.port32.protocol RS232
config.ports.port32.speed 9600
config.ports.port32.ssh on
config.ports.port32.stop 1
config.ports.port32.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port32.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port32.terminal vt220
config.ports.port32.webshell on
config.ports.port4.charsize 8
config.ports.port4.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port4.label sgnixag02
config.ports.port4.loglevel 0
config.ports.port4.mode portmanager
config.ports.port4.parity None
config.ports.port4.pinout X2
config.ports.port4.protocol RS232
config.ports.port4.speed 9600
config.ports.port4.ssh on
config.ports.port4.stop 1
config.ports.port4.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port4.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port4.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.webshell on
config.ports.port5.charsize 8
config.ports.port5.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port5.label sgnfw01-1
config.ports.port5.loglevel 0
config.ports.port5.mode portmanager
config.ports.port5.parity None
config.ports.port5.pinout X2
config.ports.port5.protocol RS232
config.ports.port5.speed 9600
config.ports.port5.ssh on
config.ports.port5.stop 1
config.ports.port5.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port5.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port5.terminal vt220
config.ports.port5.webshell on
config.ports.port6.charsize 8
config.ports.port6.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port6.label sgnfw01-2
config.ports.port6.loglevel 0
config.ports.port6.mode portmanager
config.ports.port6.parity None
config.ports.port6.pinout X2
config.ports.port6.protocol RS232
config.ports.port6.speed 9600
config.ports.port6.ssh on
config.ports.port6.stop 1
config.ports.port6.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port6.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port6.terminal vt220
config.ports.port6.webshell on
config.ports.port7.charsize 8
config.ports.port7.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port7.label sgncore01
config.ports.port7.loglevel 0
config.ports.port7.mode portmanager
config.ports.port7.parity None
config.ports.port7.pinout X2
config.ports.port7.protocol RS232
config.ports.port7.speed 9600
config.ports.port7.ssh on
config.ports.port7.stop 1
config.ports.port7.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port7.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port7.terminal vt220
config.ports.port7.webshell on
config.ports.port8.charsize 8
config.ports.port8.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port8.label sgncore02
config.ports.port8.loglevel 0
config.ports.port8.mode portmanager
config.ports.port8.parity None
config.ports.port8.pinout X2
config.ports.port8.protocol RS232
config.ports.port8.speed 9600
config.ports.port8.ssh on
config.ports.port8.stop 1
config.ports.port8.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port8.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port8.terminal vt220
config.ports.port8.webshell on
config.ports.port9.charsize 8
config.ports.port9.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port9.label sgnsbc01p
config.ports.port9.loglevel 0
config.ports.port9.mode portmanager
config.ports.port9.parity None
config.ports.port9.pinout X2
config.ports.port9.protocol RS232
config.ports.port9.speed 115200
config.ports.port9.ssh on
config.ports.port9.stop 1
config.ports.port9.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port9.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port9.terminal vt220
config.ports.port9.webshell on
config.powersupplies.total 1
config.services.ftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.usb/tftpboot
config.services.http.enabled on
config.services.https.enabled on
config.services.snmp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.protocol UDP
config.services.snmp.roauthprotocol SHA
config.services.snmp.rocommunity noc_services
config.services.snmp.roprivprotocol DES
config.services.snmp.roseclevel noauth
config.services.snmp.syscontact SSO network
config.services.snmp.syslocation Singapore
config.services.ssh.enabled on
config.services.tftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.usb/tftpboot
config.services.webshell.enabled on
config.storage.usb.description Internal USB flash
config.storage.usb.device /dev/sda1
config.storage.usb.enabled on
config.storage.usb.mountopts -t vfat -o flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.usb.type device
config.syslog.server.hostname 10.250.137.24
config.system.backup.time 1514345234
config.system.location SGN
config.system.model CM4132
config.system.name sgncons01
config.system.snmp.authprotocol SHA
config.system.snmp.authprotocol2 SHA
config.system.snmp.privprotocol DES
config.system.snmp.privprotocol2 DES
config.system.snmp.protocol UDP
config.system.snmp.protocol2 UDP
config.system.snmp.seclevel noAuthNoPriv
config.system.snmp.seclevel2 noAuthNoPriv
config.system.snmp.trapport 162
config.system.timezone USA - Eastern
config.users.total 5
config.users.user1.description Root User
config.users.user1.disabled on
config.users.user1.groups.total 6
config.users.user1.password_nvflash on
config.users.user1.username root
config.users.user2.description Network Operations
config.users.user2.groups.group1 admin
config.users.user2.port1 on
config.users.user2.port10 on
config.users.user2.port11 on
config.users.user2.port12 on
config.users.user2.port13 on
config.users.user2.port14 on
config.users.user2.port15 on
config.users.user2.port16 on
config.users.user2.port17 on
config.users.user2.port18 on
config.users.user2.port19 on
config.users.user2.port2 on
config.users.user2.port20 on
config.users.user2.port21 on
config.users.user2.port22 on
config.users.user2.port23 on
config.users.user2.port24 on
config.users.user2.port25 on
config.users.user2.port26 on
config.users.user2.port27 on
config.users.user2.port28 on
config.users.user2.port29 on
config.users.user2.port3 on
config.users.user2.port30 on
config.users.user2.port31 on
config.users.user2.port32 on
config.users.user2.port4 on
config.users.user2.port5 on
config.users.user2.port6 on
config.users.user2.port7 on
config.users.user2.port8 on
config.users.user2.port9 on
config.users.user2.username netops
config.users.user3.description Arkadin NOC
config.users.user3.port1 on
config.users.user3.port10 on
config.users.user3.port11 on
config.users.user3.port12 on
config.users.user3.port13 on
config.users.user3.port14 on
config.users.user3.port15 on
config.users.user3.port16 on
config.users.user3.port17 on
config.users.user3.port18 on
config.users.user3.port19 on
config.users.user3.port2 on
config.users.user3.port20 on
config.users.user3.port21 on
config.users.user3.port22 on
config.users.user3.port23 on
config.users.user3.port24 on
config.users.user3.port25 on
config.users.user3.port26 on
config.users.user3.port27 on
config.users.user3.port28 on
config.users.user3.port29 on
config.users.user3.port3 on
config.users.user3.port30 on
config.users.user3.port31 on
config.users.user3.port32 on
config.users.user3.port4 on
config.users.user3.port5 on
config.users.user3.port6 on
config.users.user3.port7 on
config.users.user3.port8 on
config.users.user3.port9 on
config.users.user3.username noc
config.users.user4.groups.group1 users
config.users.user4.username rancid
config.users.user5.description Voice Operations
config.users.user5.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user5.port1 on
config.users.user5.port10 on
config.users.user5.port11 on
config.users.user5.port12 on
config.users.user5.port13 on
config.users.user5.port14 on
config.users.user5.port15 on
config.users.user5.port16 on
config.users.user5.port17 on
config.users.user5.port18 on
config.users.user5.port19 on
config.users.user5.port2 on
config.users.user5.port20 on
config.users.user5.port21 on
config.users.user5.port22 on
config.users.user5.port23 on
config.users.user5.port24 on
config.users.user5.port25 on
config.users.user5.port26 on
config.users.user5.port27 on
config.users.user5.port28 on
config.users.user5.port29 on
config.users.user5.port3 on
config.users.user5.port30 on
config.users.user5.port31 on
config.users.user5.port32 on
config.users.user5.port4 on
config.users.user5.port5 on
config.users.user5.port6 on
config.users.user5.port7 on
config.users.user5.port8 on
config.users.user5.port9 on
config.users.user5.username voiceops
config.version 0.4
config.wan.services.https.enabled on
config.wan.services.modified true
config.wan.services.nagios_nrpe.enabled on
config.wan.services.nut.enabled on
config.wan.services.ping.enabled on
config.wan.services.rfc2217_ports.enabled on
config.wan.services.snmp.enabled on
config.wan.services.ssh.enabled on
config.wan.services.ssh_ports.enabled on
config.wan.services.tcp_ports.enabled on
config.wan.services.telnet_ports.enabled on
config.wan.services.unauthtel.enabled on
cat: can't open '/proc/bus/usb/devices': No such file or directory
cat: can't open '/etc/config/shadow': Permission denied
OpenGear/CM41xx Version 3.16.6u4 9077fc8f --  Fri Mar 10 08:38:27 EST 2017
