#RANCID-CONTENT-TYPE: opengear
#
#
#
#
#
config.alerts.migrated on
config.auth.extendedsessionids on
config.auth.ldap.loginattr sAMAccountName
config.auth.ldap.memberattr memberOf
config.auth.sessionlifetime 480
config.auth.type Local
config.console.flow None
config.console.ppp.auth None
config.console.speed 115200
config.dashboard.configured true
config.dashboard.position1.type ups
config.dashboard.position2.alarm on
config.dashboard.position2.amount 6
config.dashboard.position2.celldata on
config.dashboard.position2.custom on
config.dashboard.position2.enviro on
config.dashboard.position2.environmental on
config.dashboard.position2.login on
config.dashboard.position2.net_ping on
config.dashboard.position2.pattern on
config.dashboard.position2.power on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_login on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_pattern on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_signal on
config.dashboard.position2.signal on
config.dashboard.position2.sms on
config.dashboard.position2.type alerts
config.dashboard.position2.ups on
config.dashboard.position2.ups_status on
config.dashboard.position3.type rpc
config.dashboard.position4.amount 4
config.dashboard.position4.type devices
config.dashboard.position5.type emd
config.dashboard.position6.amount 4
config.dashboard.position6.type ports
config.eventlog.server.type None
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.action accept
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.direction ingress
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.interface wan
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.name arkanet_https
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.ports 443
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.protocol tcp
config.firewall.portrules.portrule1.src_ip 10.0.0.0/8
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.action accept
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.direction ingress
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.interface wan
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.name arkanet_admin_ssh
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.ports 22
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.protocol tcp
config.firewall.portrules.portrule2.src_ip 10.0.0.0/8
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.action accept
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.direction ingress
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.interface wan
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.name arkanet_console_ssh
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.ports 3001-3032
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.protocol tcp
config.firewall.portrules.portrule3.src_ip 10.0.0.0/8
config.firewall.portrules.portrule4.action accept
config.firewall.portrules.portrule4.direction ingress
config.firewall.portrules.portrule4.interface any
config.firewall.portrules.portrule4.name deny_all
config.firewall.portrules.portrule4.protocol any
config.firewall.portrules.total 4
config.groups.group1.description Default system super user group
config.groups.group1.name root
config.groups.group2.description Provides users with unlimited configuration and management privileges
config.groups.group2.name admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role1 admin
config.groups.group2.roles.total 1
config.groups.group3.description Provides users with minimal privileges
config.groups.group3.name nobody
config.groups.group4.description Group for users created automatically via network authentication
config.groups.group4.name netgrp
config.groups.group5.description Group to allow serial access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group5.name serial
config.groups.group6.description Group to allow dialin access via modems
config.groups.group6.name dialin
config.groups.group7.description Group to allow ftp access and file access to storage devices
config.groups.group7.name ftp
config.groups.group8.description Group to set default shell to pmshell
config.groups.group8.name pmshell
config.groups.group9.description Provides users with basic management privileges
config.groups.group9.name users
config.groups.group9.roles.role1 users
config.groups.group9.roles.total 1
config.groups.total 9
config.interfaces.wan.address 10.115.34.244
config.interfaces.wan.dns2 10.102.2.2
config.interfaces.wan.gateway 10.115.34.253
config.interfaces.wan.media Auto
config.interfaces.wan.mode static
config.interfaces.wan.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.ntp.enabled on
config.ntp.server 10.115.131.1
config.ports.port1.charsize 8
config.ports.port1.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port1.label pa2ixag01
config.ports.port1.loglevel 0
config.ports.port1.mode portmanager
config.ports.port1.parity None
config.ports.port1.protocol RS232
config.ports.port1.speed 9600
config.ports.port1.ssh on
config.ports.port1.stop 1
config.ports.port1.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port1.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port1.terminal vt220
config.ports.port1.webshell on
config.ports.port10.charsize 8
config.ports.port10.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port10.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port10.label no response - trace/verify
config.ports.port10.loglevel 0
config.ports.port10.mode portmanager
config.ports.port10.parity None
config.ports.port10.pinout X2
config.ports.port10.protocol RS232
config.ports.port10.speed 9600
config.ports.port10.ssh on
config.ports.port10.stop 1
config.ports.port10.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port10.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port10.terminal vt220
config.ports.port10.webshell on
config.ports.port11.charsize 8
config.ports.port11.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port11.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port11.label pa2ssl01 - EMEA Pulse
config.ports.port11.loglevel 0
config.ports.port11.mode portmanager
config.ports.port11.parity None
config.ports.port11.pinout X2
config.ports.port11.protocol RS232
config.ports.port11.speed 9600
config.ports.port11.ssh on
config.ports.port11.stop 1
config.ports.port11.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port11.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port11.terminal vt220
config.ports.port11.webshell on
config.ports.port12.charsize 8
config.ports.port12.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port12.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port12.label Pulse Connect 02 (no response)
config.ports.port12.loglevel 0
config.ports.port12.mode portmanager
config.ports.port12.parity None
config.ports.port12.pinout X2
config.ports.port12.protocol RS232
config.ports.port12.speed 9600
config.ports.port12.ssh on
config.ports.port12.stop 1
config.ports.port12.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port12.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port12.terminal vt220
config.ports.port12.webshell on
config.ports.port13.charsize 8
config.ports.port13.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port13.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port13.label Pulse Connect 03 (no pw)
config.ports.port13.loglevel 0
config.ports.port13.mode portmanager
config.ports.port13.parity None
config.ports.port13.pinout X2
config.ports.port13.protocol RS232
config.ports.port13.speed 9600
config.ports.port13.ssh on
config.ports.port13.stop 1
config.ports.port13.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port13.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port13.terminal vt220
config.ports.port13.webshell on
config.ports.port14.charsize 8
config.ports.port14.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port14.label pa2accs05-1 (IS STACK SW1 - Slave)
config.ports.port14.loglevel 0
config.ports.port14.mode portmanager
config.ports.port14.parity None
config.ports.port14.protocol RS232
config.ports.port14.speed 9600
config.ports.port14.ssh on
config.ports.port14.stop 1
config.ports.port14.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port14.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port14.terminal vt220
config.ports.port14.webshell on
config.ports.port15.charsize 8
config.ports.port15.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port15.label pa2accs05-2 (IS STACK SW2)
config.ports.port15.loglevel 0
config.ports.port15.mode portmanager
config.ports.port15.parity None
config.ports.port15.protocol RS232
config.ports.port15.speed 9600
config.ports.port15.ssh on
config.ports.port15.stop 1
config.ports.port15.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port15.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port15.terminal vt220
config.ports.port15.webshell on
config.ports.port16.charsize 8
config.ports.port16.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port16.label pa2accs05-3 (IS STACK SW3)
config.ports.port16.loglevel 0
config.ports.port16.mode portmanager
config.ports.port16.parity None
config.ports.port16.protocol RS232
config.ports.port16.speed 9600
config.ports.port16.ssh on
config.ports.port16.stop 1
config.ports.port16.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port16.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port16.terminal vt220
config.ports.port16.webshell on
config.ports.port17.charsize 8
config.ports.port17.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port17.label pa2accs04-1
config.ports.port17.loglevel 0
config.ports.port17.mode portmanager
config.ports.port17.parity None
config.ports.port17.protocol RS232
config.ports.port17.speed 9600
config.ports.port17.ssh on
config.ports.port17.stop 1
config.ports.port17.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port17.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port17.terminal vt220
config.ports.port17.webshell on
config.ports.port18.charsize 8
config.ports.port18.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port18.label pa2accs04-2
config.ports.port18.loglevel 0
config.ports.port18.mode portmanager
config.ports.port18.parity None
config.ports.port18.protocol RS232
config.ports.port18.speed 9600
config.ports.port18.ssh on
config.ports.port18.stop 1
config.ports.port18.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port18.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port18.terminal vt220
config.ports.port18.webshell on
config.ports.port19.charsize 8
config.ports.port19.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port19.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port19.label Pulse Policy Secure (no pw)
config.ports.port19.loglevel 0
config.ports.port19.mode portmanager
config.ports.port19.parity None
config.ports.port19.pinout X2
config.ports.port19.protocol RS232
config.ports.port19.speed 9600
config.ports.port19.ssh on
config.ports.port19.stop 1
config.ports.port19.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port19.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port19.terminal vt220
config.ports.port19.webshell on
config.ports.port2.charsize 8
config.ports.port2.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port2.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port2.label pa2-bl-01
config.ports.port2.loglevel 0
config.ports.port2.mode portmanager
config.ports.port2.parity None
config.ports.port2.pinout X2
config.ports.port2.protocol RS232
config.ports.port2.speed 9600
config.ports.port2.ssh on
config.ports.port2.stop 1
config.ports.port2.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port2.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port2.terminal vt220
config.ports.port2.webshell on
config.ports.port20.charsize 8
config.ports.port20.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port20.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port20.label no response - trace/verify
config.ports.port20.loglevel 0
config.ports.port20.mode portmanager
config.ports.port20.parity None
config.ports.port20.pinout X2
config.ports.port20.protocol RS232
config.ports.port20.speed 9600
config.ports.port20.ssh on
config.ports.port20.stop 1
config.ports.port20.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port20.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port20.terminal vt220
config.ports.port20.webshell on
config.ports.port21.charsize 8
config.ports.port21.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port21.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port21.label pa2accs07-3
config.ports.port21.loglevel 0
config.ports.port21.mode portmanager
config.ports.port21.parity None
config.ports.port21.pinout X2
config.ports.port21.protocol RS232
config.ports.port21.speed 9600
config.ports.port21.ssh on
config.ports.port21.stop 1
config.ports.port21.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port21.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port21.terminal vt220
config.ports.port21.webshell on
config.ports.port22.charsize 8
config.ports.port22.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port22.label pa2ucaccs01
config.ports.port22.loglevel 0
config.ports.port22.mode portmanager
config.ports.port22.parity None
config.ports.port22.protocol RS232
config.ports.port22.speed 9600
config.ports.port22.ssh on
config.ports.port22.stop 1
config.ports.port22.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port22.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port22.terminal vt220
config.ports.port22.webshell on
config.ports.port23.charsize 8
config.ports.port23.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port23.label pa2ucaccs02
config.ports.port23.loglevel 0
config.ports.port23.mode portmanager
config.ports.port23.parity None
config.ports.port23.protocol RS232
config.ports.port23.speed 9600
config.ports.port23.ssh on
config.ports.port23.stop 1
config.ports.port23.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port23.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port23.terminal vt220
config.ports.port23.webshell on
config.ports.port24.charsize 8
config.ports.port24.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port24.label pa2ucaccs03
config.ports.port24.loglevel 0
config.ports.port24.mode portmanager
config.ports.port24.parity None
config.ports.port24.protocol RS232
config.ports.port24.speed 9600
config.ports.port24.ssh on
config.ports.port24.stop 1
config.ports.port24.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port24.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port24.terminal vt220
config.ports.port24.webshell on
config.ports.port25.charsize 8
config.ports.port25.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port25.label pa2ucaccs04
config.ports.port25.loglevel 0
config.ports.port25.mode portmanager
config.ports.port25.parity None
config.ports.port25.protocol RS232
config.ports.port25.speed 9600
config.ports.port25.ssh on
config.ports.port25.stop 1
config.ports.port25.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port25.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port25.terminal vt220
config.ports.port25.webshell on
config.ports.port26.charsize 8
config.ports.port26.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port26.label pa2ucaccs05
config.ports.port26.loglevel 0
config.ports.port26.mode portmanager
config.ports.port26.parity None
config.ports.port26.protocol RS232
config.ports.port26.speed 9600
config.ports.port26.ssh on
config.ports.port26.stop 1
config.ports.port26.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port26.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port26.terminal vt220
config.ports.port26.webshell on
config.ports.port27.charsize 8
config.ports.port27.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port27.label pa2ucaccs06
config.ports.port27.loglevel 0
config.ports.port27.mode portmanager
config.ports.port27.parity None
config.ports.port27.protocol RS232
config.ports.port27.speed 9600
config.ports.port27.ssh on
config.ports.port27.stop 1
config.ports.port27.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port27.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port27.terminal vt220
config.ports.port27.webshell on
config.ports.port28.charsize 8
config.ports.port28.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port28.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port28.label Spare Cisco 2960 - unconfigured
config.ports.port28.loglevel 0
config.ports.port28.mode portmanager
config.ports.port28.parity None
config.ports.port28.pinout X2
config.ports.port28.protocol RS232
config.ports.port28.speed 9600
config.ports.port28.ssh on
config.ports.port28.stop 1
config.ports.port28.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port28.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port28.terminal vt220
config.ports.port28.webshell on
config.ports.port29.charsize 8
config.ports.port29.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port29.label pa2accs09
config.ports.port29.loglevel 0
config.ports.port29.mode portmanager
config.ports.port29.parity None
config.ports.port29.protocol RS232
config.ports.port29.speed 9600
config.ports.port29.ssh on
config.ports.port29.stop 1
config.ports.port29.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port29.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port29.terminal vt220
config.ports.port29.webshell on
config.ports.port3.charsize 8
config.ports.port3.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port3.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port3.loglevel 0
config.ports.port3.parity None
config.ports.port3.pinout X2
config.ports.port3.protocol RS232
config.ports.port3.speed 9600
config.ports.port3.ssh on
config.ports.port3.stop 1
config.ports.port3.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port3.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port3.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.webshell on
config.ports.port30.charsize 8
config.ports.port30.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port30.label pa2accs10
config.ports.port30.loglevel 0
config.ports.port30.mode portmanager
config.ports.port30.parity None
config.ports.port30.protocol RS232
config.ports.port30.speed 9600
config.ports.port30.ssh on
config.ports.port30.stop 1
config.ports.port30.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port30.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port30.terminal vt220
config.ports.port30.webshell on
config.ports.port31.charsize 8
config.ports.port31.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port31.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port31.label pa2iscsi01
config.ports.port31.loglevel 0
config.ports.port31.mode portmanager
config.ports.port31.parity None
config.ports.port31.pinout X2
config.ports.port31.protocol RS232
config.ports.port31.speed 9600
config.ports.port31.ssh on
config.ports.port31.stop 1
config.ports.port31.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port31.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port31.terminal vt220
config.ports.port31.webshell on
config.ports.port32.charsize 8
config.ports.port32.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port32.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port32.label pa2iscsi02
config.ports.port32.loglevel 0
config.ports.port32.mode portmanager
config.ports.port32.parity None
config.ports.port32.pinout X2
config.ports.port32.protocol RS232
config.ports.port32.speed 9600
config.ports.port32.ssh on
config.ports.port32.stop 1
config.ports.port32.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port32.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port32.terminal vt220
config.ports.port32.webshell on
config.ports.port4.charsize 8
config.ports.port4.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port4.label pa2core01
config.ports.port4.loglevel 0
config.ports.port4.mode portmanager
config.ports.port4.parity None
config.ports.port4.protocol RS232
config.ports.port4.speed 9600
config.ports.port4.ssh on
config.ports.port4.stop 1
config.ports.port4.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port4.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port4.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.webshell on
config.ports.port5.charsize 8
config.ports.port5.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port5.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port5.label pa2-fw-01-1
config.ports.port5.loglevel 0
config.ports.port5.mode portmanager
config.ports.port5.parity None
config.ports.port5.pinout X2
config.ports.port5.protocol RS232
config.ports.port5.speed 9600
config.ports.port5.ssh on
config.ports.port5.stop 1
config.ports.port5.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port5.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port5.terminal vt220
config.ports.port5.webshell on
config.ports.port6.charsize 8
config.ports.port6.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port6.label pa2ixrt01
config.ports.port6.loglevel 0
config.ports.port6.mode portmanager
config.ports.port6.parity None
config.ports.port6.protocol RS232
config.ports.port6.speed 9600
config.ports.port6.ssh on
config.ports.port6.stop 1
config.ports.port6.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port6.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port6.terminal vt220
config.ports.port6.webshell on
config.ports.port7.charsize 8
config.ports.port7.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port7.label pa2vpn01-1
config.ports.port7.loglevel 0
config.ports.port7.mode portmanager
config.ports.port7.parity None
config.ports.port7.protocol RS232
config.ports.port7.speed 9600
config.ports.port7.ssh on
config.ports.port7.stop 1
config.ports.port7.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port7.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port7.terminal vt220
config.ports.port7.webshell on
config.ports.port8.charsize 8
config.ports.port8.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port8.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port8.label pa2-ce-01
config.ports.port8.loglevel 0
config.ports.port8.mode portmanager
config.ports.port8.parity None
config.ports.port8.pinout X2
config.ports.port8.protocol RS232
config.ports.port8.speed 9600
config.ports.port8.ssh on
config.ports.port8.stop 1
config.ports.port8.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port8.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port8.terminal vt220
config.ports.port8.webshell on
config.ports.port9.charsize 8
config.ports.port9.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port9.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port9.label no response - trace/verify 
config.ports.port9.loglevel 0
config.ports.port9.mode portmanager
config.ports.port9.parity None
config.ports.port9.pinout X2
config.ports.port9.protocol RS232
config.ports.port9.speed 9600
config.ports.port9.ssh on
config.ports.port9.stop 1
config.ports.port9.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port9.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port9.terminal vt220
config.ports.port9.webshell on
config.powersupplies.total 1
config.services.ftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.usb/tftpboot
config.services.http.enabled on
config.services.https.enabled on
config.services.snmp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.rocommunity noc_services
config.services.snmp.syscontact nio@arkadin.com
config.services.ssh.enabled on
config.services.tftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.usb/tftpboot
config.storage.usb.description Internal USB flash
config.storage.usb.device /dev/sda1
config.storage.usb.enabled on
config.storage.usb.mountopts -t vfat -o flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.usb.type device
config.syslog.loglevel info
config.syslog.server.hostname 10.124.23.24
config.syslog.server.port 514
config.system.backup.time 1515643796
config.system.location FRPA2 Room4 RackC3.5
config.system.model CM4132
config.system.name pa2cons01
config.system.snmp.protocol UDP
config.system.snmp.trapport 162
config.system.timezone Europe/Paris
config.users.total 5
config.users.user1.description Root User
config.users.user1.disabled on
config.users.user1.groups.total 6
config.users.user1.password_nvflash on
config.users.user1.username root
config.users.user2.description Network Operations
config.users.user2.groups.group1 admin
config.users.user2.port1 on
config.users.user2.port10 on
config.users.user2.port11 on
config.users.user2.port12 on
config.users.user2.port13 on
config.users.user2.port14 on
config.users.user2.port15 on
config.users.user2.port16 on
config.users.user2.port17 on
config.users.user2.port18 on
config.users.user2.port19 on
config.users.user2.port2 on
config.users.user2.port20 on
config.users.user2.port21 on
config.users.user2.port22 on
config.users.user2.port23 on
config.users.user2.port24 on
config.users.user2.port25 on
config.users.user2.port26 on
config.users.user2.port27 on
config.users.user2.port28 on
config.users.user2.port29 on
config.users.user2.port3 on
config.users.user2.port30 on
config.users.user2.port31 on
config.users.user2.port32 on
config.users.user2.port4 on
config.users.user2.port5 on
config.users.user2.port6 on
config.users.user2.port7 on
config.users.user2.port8 on
config.users.user2.port9 on
config.users.user2.username netops
config.users.user3.description NOC - no shell
config.users.user3.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user3.port1 on
config.users.user3.port10 on
config.users.user3.port11 on
config.users.user3.port12 on
config.users.user3.port13 on
config.users.user3.port14 on
config.users.user3.port15 on
config.users.user3.port16 on
config.users.user3.port17 on
config.users.user3.port18 on
config.users.user3.port19 on
config.users.user3.port2 on
config.users.user3.port20 on
config.users.user3.port21 on
config.users.user3.port22 on
config.users.user3.port23 on
config.users.user3.port24 on
config.users.user3.port25 on
config.users.user3.port26 on
config.users.user3.port27 on
config.users.user3.port28 on
config.users.user3.port29 on
config.users.user3.port3 on
config.users.user3.port30 on
config.users.user3.port31 on
config.users.user3.port32 on
config.users.user3.port4 on
config.users.user3.port5 on
config.users.user3.port6 on
config.users.user3.port7 on
config.users.user3.port8 on
config.users.user3.port9 on
config.users.user3.username noc
config.users.user4.groups.group1 users
config.users.user4.username rancid
config.users.user5.description Voice Operations
config.users.user5.groups.group1 admin
config.users.user5.port1 on
config.users.user5.port10 on
config.users.user5.port11 on
config.users.user5.port12 on
config.users.user5.port13 on
config.users.user5.port14 on
config.users.user5.port15 on
config.users.user5.port16 on
config.users.user5.port17 on
config.users.user5.port18 on
config.users.user5.port19 on
config.users.user5.port2 on
config.users.user5.port20 on
config.users.user5.port21 on
config.users.user5.port22 on
config.users.user5.port23 on
config.users.user5.port24 on
config.users.user5.port25 on
config.users.user5.port26 on
config.users.user5.port27 on
config.users.user5.port28 on
config.users.user5.port29 on
config.users.user5.port3 on
config.users.user5.port30 on
config.users.user5.port31 on
config.users.user5.port32 on
config.users.user5.port4 on
config.users.user5.port5 on
config.users.user5.port6 on
config.users.user5.port7 on
config.users.user5.port8 on
config.users.user5.port9 on
config.users.user5.username voiceops
config.version 0.4
cat: can't open '/proc/bus/usb/devices': No such file or directory
cat: can't open '/etc/config/shadow': Permission denied
OpenGear/CM41xx Version 3.16.6u4 9077fc8f --  Fri Mar 10 08:38:27 EST 2017
