#RANCID-CONTENT-TYPE: opengear
#
#
#
#
#
config.alerts.migrated on
config.auth.extendedsessionids on
config.auth.radius.acct_server 10.102.10.130
config.auth.radius.auth_server 10.102.10.130
config.auth.radius.password Network_Arkad
config.auth.sessionlifetime 480
config.auth.type Local
config.console.flow None
config.console.ppp.auth None
config.console.speed 115200
config.eventlog.server.type None
config.groups.group1.description Default system super user group
config.groups.group1.name root
config.groups.group10.description Group to set default shell to pmshell
config.groups.group10.name pmshell
config.groups.group10.roles.role1 pmshell_user
config.groups.group10.roles.total 1
config.groups.group11.description Provides users with basic management privileges
config.groups.group11.name users
config.groups.group11.roles.role1 basic_webui_user
config.groups.group11.roles.role2 shell_user
config.groups.group11.roles.total 2
config.groups.group12.description Group to allow access to all serial ports and managed devices, including portmanager shell access. Please note that portmanager shell access overrides UNIX shell access
config.groups.group12.name pmoperator
config.groups.group12.roles.role1 all_ports_user
config.groups.group12.roles.role2 pmshell_user
config.groups.group12.roles.total 2
config.groups.group2.description Provides users with unlimited configuration and management privileges
config.groups.group2.name admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role1 admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role2 shell_user
config.groups.group2.roles.total 2
config.groups.group3.description Provides users with minimal privileges
config.groups.group3.name nobody
config.groups.group4.description Group for users created automatically via network authentication
config.groups.group4.name netgrp
config.groups.group5.description Group to allow USB access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group5.name usb
config.groups.group6.description Group to allow serial access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group6.name serial
config.groups.group7.description Group to allow access to the PPTP VPN server
config.groups.group7.name pptpd
config.groups.group8.description Group to allow dialin access via modems
config.groups.group8.name dialin
config.groups.group9.description Group to allow ftp access and file access to storage devices
config.groups.group9.name ftp
config.groups.total 12
config.interfaces.lan.device.type marvell
config.interfaces.lan.disabled on
config.interfaces.oobfo.disabled on
config.interfaces.wan.address 10.249.200.1
config.interfaces.wan.ddns.provider none
config.interfaces.wan.gateway 10.249.200.252
config.interfaces.wan.media Auto
config.interfaces.wan.mode static
config.interfaces.wan.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.portaccess.rule1.address 10.102.97.0
config.portaccess.rule1.description Paris Office
config.portaccess.rule1.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.portaccess.rule1.port1 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port10 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port11 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port12 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port13 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port14 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port15 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port16 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port17 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port18 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port19 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port2 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port20 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port21 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port22 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port23 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port24 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port25 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port26 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port27 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port28 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port29 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port3 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port30 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port31 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port32 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port4 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port5 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port6 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port7 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port8 on
config.portaccess.rule1.port9 on
config.portaccess.rule2.address 10.100.88.0
config.portaccess.rule2.description Schaumburg Office
config.portaccess.rule2.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.portaccess.rule2.port1 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port10 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port11 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port12 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port13 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port14 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port15 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port16 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port17 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port18 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port19 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port2 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port20 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port21 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port22 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port23 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port24 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port25 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port26 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port27 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port28 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port29 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port3 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port30 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port31 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port32 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port4 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port5 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port6 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port7 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port8 on
config.portaccess.rule2.port9 on
config.portaccess.rule3.address 10.0.0.0
config.portaccess.rule3.description Arkanet
config.portaccess.rule3.netmask 255.0.0.0
config.portaccess.rule3.port1 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port10 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port11 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port12 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port13 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port14 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port15 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port16 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port17 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port18 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port19 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port2 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port20 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port21 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port22 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port23 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port24 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port25 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port26 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port27 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port28 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port29 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port3 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port30 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port31 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port32 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port4 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port5 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port6 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port7 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port8 on
config.portaccess.rule3.port9 on
config.portaccess.total 3
config.ports.port1.charsize 8
config.ports.port1.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port1.label shiinet01
config.ports.port1.loglevel 0
config.ports.port1.mode portmanager
config.ports.port1.parity None
config.ports.port1.pinout X2
config.ports.port1.protocol RS232
config.ports.port1.speed 9600
config.ports.port1.ssh on
config.ports.port1.stop 1
config.ports.port1.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port1.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port1.terminal vt220
config.ports.port10.charsize 8
config.ports.port10.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port10.label shiucaccs05
config.ports.port10.loglevel 1
config.ports.port10.mode portmanager
config.ports.port10.parity None
config.ports.port10.pinout X2
config.ports.port10.protocol RS232
config.ports.port10.speed 9600
config.ports.port10.ssh on
config.ports.port10.stop 1
config.ports.port10.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port10.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port10.terminal vt220
config.ports.port11.charsize 8
config.ports.port11.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port11.label shiucaccs07
config.ports.port11.loglevel 1
config.ports.port11.mode portmanager
config.ports.port11.parity None
config.ports.port11.pinout X2
config.ports.port11.protocol RS232
config.ports.port11.speed 9600
config.ports.port11.ssh on
config.ports.port11.stop 1
config.ports.port11.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port11.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port11.terminal vt220
config.ports.port12.charsize 8
config.ports.port12.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port12.label JPSHIST01
config.ports.port12.loglevel 1
config.ports.port12.mode portmanager
config.ports.port12.parity None
config.ports.port12.pinout X2
config.ports.port12.protocol RS232
config.ports.port12.speed 9600
config.ports.port12.ssh on
config.ports.port12.stop 1
config.ports.port12.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port12.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port12.terminal vt220
config.ports.port13.charsize 8
config.ports.port13.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port13.label JPSHIST02
config.ports.port13.loglevel 1
config.ports.port13.mode portmanager
config.ports.port13.parity None
config.ports.port13.pinout X2
config.ports.port13.protocol RS232
config.ports.port13.speed 9600
config.ports.port13.ssh on
config.ports.port13.stop 1
config.ports.port13.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port13.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port13.terminal vt220
config.ports.port14.charsize 8
config.ports.port14.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port14.label JPSHISTSRV01
config.ports.port14.loglevel 1
config.ports.port14.mode portmanager
config.ports.port14.parity None
config.ports.port14.pinout X2
config.ports.port14.protocol RS232
config.ports.port14.speed 9600
config.ports.port14.ssh on
config.ports.port14.stop 1
config.ports.port14.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port14.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port14.terminal vt220
config.ports.port15.charsize 8
config.ports.port15.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port15.label JPSHIVIPERSW1
config.ports.port15.loglevel 1
config.ports.port15.mode portmanager
config.ports.port15.parity None
config.ports.port15.pinout X2
config.ports.port15.protocol RS232
config.ports.port15.speed 9600
config.ports.port15.ssh on
config.ports.port15.stop 1
config.ports.port15.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port15.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port15.terminal vt220
config.ports.port15.webshell on
config.ports.port16.charsize 8
config.ports.port16.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port16.label JPSHIVIPERSW2
config.ports.port16.loglevel 1
config.ports.port16.mode portmanager
config.ports.port16.parity None
config.ports.port16.pinout X2
config.ports.port16.protocol RS232
config.ports.port16.speed 9600
config.ports.port16.ssh on
config.ports.port16.stop 1
config.ports.port16.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port16.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port16.terminal vt220
config.ports.port16.webshell on
config.ports.port17.charsize 8
config.ports.port17.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port17.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port17.label shiagg01
config.ports.port17.loglevel 1
config.ports.port17.mode portmanager
config.ports.port17.parity None
config.ports.port17.pinout X2
config.ports.port17.protocol RS232
config.ports.port17.speed 9600
config.ports.port17.ssh on
config.ports.port17.stop 1
config.ports.port17.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port17.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port17.terminal vt220
config.ports.port17.webshell on
config.ports.port18.charsize 8
config.ports.port18.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port18.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port18.label Port 18
config.ports.port18.loglevel 0
config.ports.port18.mode portmanager
config.ports.port18.parity None
config.ports.port18.pinout X2
config.ports.port18.protocol RS232
config.ports.port18.speed 115200
config.ports.port18.ssh on
config.ports.port18.stop 1
config.ports.port18.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port18.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port18.terminal vt220
config.ports.port18.webshell on
config.ports.port19.charsize 8
config.ports.port19.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port19.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port19.label Port 19
config.ports.port19.loglevel 0
config.ports.port19.mode portmanager
config.ports.port19.parity None
config.ports.port19.pinout X2
config.ports.port19.protocol RS232
config.ports.port19.speed 9600
config.ports.port19.ssh on
config.ports.port19.stop 1
config.ports.port19.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port19.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port19.terminal vt220
config.ports.port19.webshell on
config.ports.port2.charsize 8
config.ports.port2.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port2.label shifw01-1
config.ports.port2.loglevel 0
config.ports.port2.mode portmanager
config.ports.port2.parity None
config.ports.port2.pinout X2
config.ports.port2.protocol RS232
config.ports.port2.speed 9600
config.ports.port2.ssh on
config.ports.port2.stop 1
config.ports.port2.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port2.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port2.terminal vt220
config.ports.port2.webshell on
config.ports.port20.charsize 8
config.ports.port20.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port20.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port20.label Port 20
config.ports.port20.loglevel 0
config.ports.port20.mode portmanager
config.ports.port20.parity None
config.ports.port20.pinout X2
config.ports.port20.protocol RS232
config.ports.port20.speed 9600
config.ports.port20.ssh on
config.ports.port20.stop 1
config.ports.port20.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port20.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port20.terminal vt220
config.ports.port20.webshell on
config.ports.port21.charsize 8
config.ports.port21.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port21.label shi-ce-01
config.ports.port21.loglevel 1
config.ports.port21.mode portmanager
config.ports.port21.parity None
config.ports.port21.pinout X2
config.ports.port21.protocol RS232
config.ports.port21.speed 9600
config.ports.port21.ssh on
config.ports.port21.stop 1
config.ports.port21.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port21.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port21.terminal vt220
config.ports.port22.charsize 8
config.ports.port22.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port22.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port22.label shi-ce-01 (new)
config.ports.port22.loglevel 1
config.ports.port22.mode portmanager
config.ports.port22.parity None
config.ports.port22.pinout X2
config.ports.port22.protocol RS232
config.ports.port22.speed 9600
config.ports.port22.ssh on
config.ports.port22.stop 1
config.ports.port22.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port22.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port22.terminal vt220
config.ports.port22.webshell on
config.ports.port23.charsize 8
config.ports.port23.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port23.label shiaccs02-1
config.ports.port23.loglevel 1
config.ports.port23.mode portmanager
config.ports.port23.parity None
config.ports.port23.pinout X2
config.ports.port23.protocol RS232
config.ports.port23.speed 9600
config.ports.port23.ssh on
config.ports.port23.stop 1
config.ports.port23.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port23.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port23.terminal vt220
config.ports.port23.webshell on
config.ports.port24.charsize 8
config.ports.port24.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port24.label Port 24
config.ports.port24.loglevel 0
config.ports.port24.mode portmanager
config.ports.port24.parity None
config.ports.port24.pinout X2
config.ports.port24.protocol RS232
config.ports.port24.speed 9600
config.ports.port24.ssh on
config.ports.port24.stop 1
config.ports.port24.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port24.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port24.terminal vt220
config.ports.port24.webshell on
config.ports.port25.charsize 8
config.ports.port25.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port25.label shiaccs03-1
config.ports.port25.loglevel 1
config.ports.port25.mode portmanager
config.ports.port25.parity None
config.ports.port25.pinout X2
config.ports.port25.protocol RS232
config.ports.port25.speed 9600
config.ports.port25.ssh on
config.ports.port25.stop 1
config.ports.port25.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port25.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port25.terminal vt220
config.ports.port25.webshell on
config.ports.port26.charsize 8
config.ports.port26.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port26.label shiaccs04-1
config.ports.port26.loglevel 1
config.ports.port26.mode portmanager
config.ports.port26.parity None
config.ports.port26.pinout X2
config.ports.port26.protocol RS232
config.ports.port26.speed 9600
config.ports.port26.ssh on
config.ports.port26.stop 1
config.ports.port26.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port26.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port26.terminal vt220
config.ports.port26.webshell on
config.ports.port27.charsize 8
config.ports.port27.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port27.label Port 27
config.ports.port27.loglevel 0
config.ports.port27.mode portmanager
config.ports.port27.parity None
config.ports.port27.pinout X2
config.ports.port27.protocol RS232
config.ports.port27.speed 9600
config.ports.port27.ssh on
config.ports.port27.stop 1
config.ports.port27.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port27.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port27.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.charsize 8
config.ports.port3.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port3.label shivpn01-1
config.ports.port3.loglevel 1
config.ports.port3.mode portmanager
config.ports.port3.parity None
config.ports.port3.pinout X2
config.ports.port3.protocol RS232
config.ports.port3.speed 9600
config.ports.port3.ssh on
config.ports.port3.stop 1
config.ports.port3.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port3.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port3.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.webshell on
config.ports.port31.charsize 8
config.ports.port31.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port31.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port31.label Port 31
config.ports.port31.loglevel 0
config.ports.port31.mode portmanager
config.ports.port31.parity None
config.ports.port31.pinout X2
config.ports.port31.protocol RS232
config.ports.port31.speed 9600
config.ports.port31.ssh on
config.ports.port31.stop 1
config.ports.port31.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port31.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port31.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.charsize 8
config.ports.port4.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port4.label shiixrt01
config.ports.port4.loglevel 0
config.ports.port4.mode portmanager
config.ports.port4.parity None
config.ports.port4.pinout X2
config.ports.port4.protocol RS232
config.ports.port4.speed 9600
config.ports.port4.ssh on
config.ports.port4.stop 1
config.ports.port4.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port4.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port4.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.webshell on
config.ports.port5.charsize 8
config.ports.port5.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port5.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port5.label SHISBC01P
config.ports.port5.loglevel 1
config.ports.port5.mode portmanager
config.ports.port5.parity None
config.ports.port5.pinout X2
config.ports.port5.protocol RS232
config.ports.port5.speed 115200
config.ports.port5.ssh on
config.ports.port5.stop 1
config.ports.port5.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port5.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port5.terminal vt220
config.ports.port5.webshell on
config.ports.port6.charsize 8
config.ports.port6.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port6.label shicore01
config.ports.port6.loglevel 1
config.ports.port6.mode portmanager
config.ports.port6.parity None
config.ports.port6.pinout X2
config.ports.port6.protocol RS232
config.ports.port6.speed 9600
config.ports.port6.ssh on
config.ports.port6.stop 1
config.ports.port6.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port6.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port6.terminal vt220
config.ports.port7.charsize 8
config.ports.port7.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port7.label shiixag01
config.ports.port7.loglevel 1
config.ports.port7.mode portmanager
config.ports.port7.parity None
config.ports.port7.pinout X2
config.ports.port7.protocol RS232
config.ports.port7.speed 9600
config.ports.port7.ssh on
config.ports.port7.stop 1
config.ports.port7.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port7.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port7.terminal vt220
config.ports.port8.charsize 8
config.ports.port8.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port8.label shiucaccs01
config.ports.port8.loglevel 1
config.ports.port8.mode portmanager
config.ports.port8.parity None
config.ports.port8.pinout X2
config.ports.port8.protocol RS232
config.ports.port8.speed 9600
config.ports.port8.ssh on
config.ports.port8.stop 1
config.ports.port8.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port8.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port8.terminal vt220
config.ports.port9.charsize 8
config.ports.port9.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port9.label shiucaccs03
config.ports.port9.loglevel 1
config.ports.port9.mode portmanager
config.ports.port9.parity None
config.ports.port9.pinout X2
config.ports.port9.protocol RS232
config.ports.port9.speed 9600
config.ports.port9.ssh on
config.ports.port9.stop 1
config.ports.port9.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port9.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port9.terminal vt220
config.powersupplies.total 1
config.services.ftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.sd/tftpboot
config.services.http.enabled on
config.services.https.enabled on
config.services.snmp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.rocommunity noc_services
config.services.snmp.syscontact nio@arkadin.com
config.services.ssh.enabled on
config.services.telnet.enabled on
config.services.tftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.sd/tftpboot
config.services.webshell.enabled on
config.storage.sd.description SD card
config.storage.sd.device /dev/disk/by-path/platform-d00d4000.mvsdio-part1
config.storage.sd.enabled on
config.storage.sd.mountopts -t vfat -o sync,flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.sd.type device
config.storage.usb.description Internal USB flash
config.storage.usb.device /dev/sda1
config.storage.usb.enabled on
config.storage.usb.mountopts -t vfat -o flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.usb.type device
config.syslog.server.hostname 10.250.137.24
config.system.backup.time 116615
config.system.model CM7132-2-DAC
config.system.name shicons01
config.system.snmp.protocol UDP
config.system.snmp.trapport 162
config.system.timezone USA - Eastern
config.users.total 5
config.users.user1.description Root User
config.users.user1.disabled on
config.users.user1.groups.total 6
config.users.user1.username root
config.users.user2.description netops
config.users.user2.groups.group1 admin
config.users.user2.port1 on
config.users.user2.port10 on
config.users.user2.port11 on
config.users.user2.port12 on
config.users.user2.port13 on
config.users.user2.port14 on
config.users.user2.port15 on
config.users.user2.port16 on
config.users.user2.port17 on
config.users.user2.port18 on
config.users.user2.port19 on
config.users.user2.port2 on
config.users.user2.port20 on
config.users.user2.port21 on
config.users.user2.port22 on
config.users.user2.port23 on
config.users.user2.port24 on
config.users.user2.port25 on
config.users.user2.port26 on
config.users.user2.port27 on
config.users.user2.port28 on
config.users.user2.port29 on
config.users.user2.port3 on
config.users.user2.port30 on
config.users.user2.port31 on
config.users.user2.port32 on
config.users.user2.port4 on
config.users.user2.port5 on
config.users.user2.port6 on
config.users.user2.port7 on
config.users.user2.port8 on
config.users.user2.port9 on
config.users.user2.username netops
config.users.user3.description NOC - no shell
config.users.user3.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user3.groups.group2 users
config.users.user3.port1 on
config.users.user3.port10 on
config.users.user3.port11 on
config.users.user3.port12 on
config.users.user3.port13 on
config.users.user3.port14 on
config.users.user3.port15 on
config.users.user3.port16 on
config.users.user3.port17 on
config.users.user3.port18 on
config.users.user3.port19 on
config.users.user3.port2 on
config.users.user3.port20 on
config.users.user3.port21 on
config.users.user3.port22 on
config.users.user3.port23 on
config.users.user3.port24 on
config.users.user3.port25 on
config.users.user3.port26 on
config.users.user3.port27 on
config.users.user3.port28 on
config.users.user3.port29 on
config.users.user3.port3 on
config.users.user3.port30 on
config.users.user3.port31 on
config.users.user3.port32 on
config.users.user3.port33 on
config.users.user3.port34 on
config.users.user3.port4 on
config.users.user3.port5 on
config.users.user3.port6 on
config.users.user3.port7 on
config.users.user3.port8 on
config.users.user3.port9 on
config.users.user3.username noc
config.users.user4.groups.group1 users
config.users.user4.username rancid
config.users.user5.description Voice Operations
config.users.user5.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user5.port1 on
config.users.user5.port10 on
config.users.user5.port11 on
config.users.user5.port12 on
config.users.user5.port13 on
config.users.user5.port14 on
config.users.user5.port15 on
config.users.user5.port16 on
config.users.user5.port17 on
config.users.user5.port18 on
config.users.user5.port19 on
config.users.user5.port2 on
config.users.user5.port20 on
config.users.user5.port21 on
config.users.user5.port22 on
config.users.user5.port23 on
config.users.user5.port24 on
config.users.user5.port25 on
config.users.user5.port26 on
config.users.user5.port27 on
config.users.user5.port28 on
config.users.user5.port29 on
config.users.user5.port3 on
config.users.user5.port30 on
config.users.user5.port31 on
config.users.user5.port32 on
config.users.user5.port33 on
config.users.user5.port34 on
config.users.user5.port4 on
config.users.user5.port5 on
config.users.user5.port6 on
config.users.user5.port7 on
config.users.user5.port8 on
config.users.user5.port9 on
config.users.user5.username voiceops
config.version 0.4
cat: can't open '/proc/bus/usb/devices': No such file or directory
cat: can't open '/etc/config/shadow': Permission denied
OpenGear/CM71xx Version 4.1.1 7aa6f6fa --  Wed Dec 20 00:42:52 UTC 2017
