#RANCID-CONTENT-TYPE: opengear
#
#
#
#
#
config.alerts.migrated on
config.auth.extendedsessionids on
config.auth.sessionlifetime 480
config.auth.type Local
config.console.flow None
config.console.ppp.auth None
config.console.speed 115200
config.dashboard.configured true
config.dashboard.position1.type ups
config.dashboard.position2.alarm on
config.dashboard.position2.amount 6
config.dashboard.position2.celldata on
config.dashboard.position2.custom on
config.dashboard.position2.enviro on
config.dashboard.position2.environmental on
config.dashboard.position2.login on
config.dashboard.position2.net_ping on
config.dashboard.position2.pattern on
config.dashboard.position2.power on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_login on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_pattern on
config.dashboard.position2.serial_signal on
config.dashboard.position2.signal on
config.dashboard.position2.sms on
config.dashboard.position2.type alerts
config.dashboard.position2.ups on
config.dashboard.position2.ups_status on
config.dashboard.position3.type rpc
config.dashboard.position4.amount 4
config.dashboard.position4.type devices
config.dashboard.position5.type emd
config.dashboard.position6.amount 4
config.dashboard.position6.type ports
config.eventlog.server.type None
config.groups.group1.description Default system super user group
config.groups.group1.name root
config.groups.group2.description Provides users with unlimited configuration and management privileges
config.groups.group2.name admin
config.groups.group2.roles.role1 admin
config.groups.group2.roles.total 1
config.groups.group3.description Provides users with minimal privileges
config.groups.group3.name nobody
config.groups.group4.description Group for users created automatically via network authentication
config.groups.group4.name netgrp
config.groups.group5.description Group to allow serial access to NUT UPS service
config.groups.group5.name serial
config.groups.group6.description Group to allow dialin access via modems
config.groups.group6.name dialin
config.groups.group7.description Group to allow ftp access and file access to storage devices
config.groups.group7.name ftp
config.groups.group8.description Group to set default shell to pmshell
config.groups.group8.name pmshell
config.groups.group9.description Provides users with basic management privileges
config.groups.group9.name users
config.groups.group9.roles.role1 users
config.groups.group9.roles.total 1
config.groups.total 9
config.interfaces.wan.address 10.120.23.30
config.interfaces.wan.dns1 10.120.2.1
config.interfaces.wan.gateway 10.120.23.254
config.interfaces.wan.media Auto
config.interfaces.wan.mode static
config.interfaces.wan.netmask 255.255.255.0
config.ports.port1.charsize 8
config.ports.port1.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port1.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port1.label brtbrsbc01
config.ports.port1.loglevel 0
config.ports.port1.mode portmanager
config.ports.port1.parity None
config.ports.port1.pinout X2
config.ports.port1.protocol RS232
config.ports.port1.speed 115200
config.ports.port1.ssh on
config.ports.port1.stop 1
config.ports.port1.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port1.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port1.terminal vt220
config.ports.port1.webshell on
config.ports.port10.charsize 8
config.ports.port10.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port10.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port10.label brtbraccs04
config.ports.port10.loglevel 0
config.ports.port10.parity None
config.ports.port10.pinout X2
config.ports.port10.protocol RS232
config.ports.port10.speed 9600
config.ports.port10.ssh on
config.ports.port10.stop 1
config.ports.port10.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port10.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port10.terminal vt220
config.ports.port10.webshell on
config.ports.port11.charsize 8
config.ports.port11.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port11.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port11.label tbrfw01-1
config.ports.port11.loglevel 0
config.ports.port11.mode portmanager
config.ports.port11.parity None
config.ports.port11.pinout X2
config.ports.port11.protocol RS232
config.ports.port11.speed 9600
config.ports.port11.ssh on
config.ports.port11.stop 1
config.ports.port11.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port11.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port11.tcp on
config.ports.port11.telnet on
config.ports.port11.terminal vt220
config.ports.port11.webshell on
config.ports.port12.charsize 8
config.ports.port12.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port12.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port12.label tbrfw01-2
config.ports.port12.loglevel 0
config.ports.port12.mode portmanager
config.ports.port12.parity None
config.ports.port12.pinout X2
config.ports.port12.protocol RS232
config.ports.port12.speed 9600
config.ports.port12.ssh on
config.ports.port12.stop 1
config.ports.port12.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port12.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port12.tcp on
config.ports.port12.telnet on
config.ports.port12.terminal vt220
config.ports.port12.webshell on
config.ports.port13.charsize 8
config.ports.port13.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port13.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port13.label tbr-fw-01
config.ports.port13.loglevel 0
config.ports.port13.mode portmanager
config.ports.port13.parity None
config.ports.port13.pinout X2
config.ports.port13.protocol RS232
config.ports.port13.speed 9600
config.ports.port13.ssh on
config.ports.port13.stop 1
config.ports.port13.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port13.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port13.tcp on
config.ports.port13.telnet on
config.ports.port13.terminal vt220
config.ports.port13.webshell on
config.ports.port14.charsize 8
config.ports.port14.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port14.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port14.label tbr-fw-02
config.ports.port14.loglevel 0
config.ports.port14.mode portmanager
config.ports.port14.parity None
config.ports.port14.pinout X2
config.ports.port14.protocol RS232
config.ports.port14.rfc2217 on
config.ports.port14.speed 9600
config.ports.port14.ssh on
config.ports.port14.stop 1
config.ports.port14.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port14.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port14.tcp on
config.ports.port14.telnet on
config.ports.port14.terminal vt220
config.ports.port14.webshell on
config.ports.port2.charsize 8
config.ports.port2.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port2.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port2.label brtbrsbc02
config.ports.port2.loglevel 0
config.ports.port2.mode portmanager
config.ports.port2.parity None
config.ports.port2.pinout X2
config.ports.port2.protocol RS232
config.ports.port2.speed 115200
config.ports.port2.ssh on
config.ports.port2.stop 1
config.ports.port2.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port2.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port2.terminal vt220
config.ports.port2.webshell on
config.ports.port3.charsize 8
config.ports.port3.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port3.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port3.label brtbrcore01
config.ports.port3.loglevel 0
config.ports.port3.mode portmanager
config.ports.port3.parity None
config.ports.port3.pinout X2
config.ports.port3.protocol RS232
config.ports.port3.speed 9600
config.ports.port3.ssh on
config.ports.port3.stop 1
config.ports.port3.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port3.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port3.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.webshell on
config.ports.port4.charsize 8
config.ports.port4.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port4.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port4.label brtbrcore02
config.ports.port4.loglevel 0
config.ports.port4.mode portmanager
config.ports.port4.parity None
config.ports.port4.pinout X2
config.ports.port4.protocol RS232
config.ports.port4.speed 9600
config.ports.port4.ssh on
config.ports.port4.stop 1
config.ports.port4.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port4.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port4.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.webshell on
config.ports.port5.charsize 8
config.ports.port5.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port5.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port5.label brtbrixrt01
config.ports.port5.loglevel 0
config.ports.port5.mode portmanager
config.ports.port5.parity None
config.ports.port5.pinout X2
config.ports.port5.protocol RS232
config.ports.port5.speed 9600
config.ports.port5.ssh on
config.ports.port5.stop 1
config.ports.port5.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port5.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port5.terminal vt220
config.ports.port5.webshell on
config.ports.port6.charsize 8
config.ports.port6.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port6.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port6.label brtbrixrt02
config.ports.port6.loglevel 0
config.ports.port6.mode portmanager
config.ports.port6.parity None
config.ports.port6.pinout X2
config.ports.port6.protocol RS232
config.ports.port6.speed 9600
config.ports.port6.ssh on
config.ports.port6.stop 1
config.ports.port6.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port6.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port6.terminal vt220
config.ports.port6.webshell on
config.ports.port7.charsize 8
config.ports.port7.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port7.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port7.label brtbrixag01
config.ports.port7.loglevel 0
config.ports.port7.mode portmanager
config.ports.port7.parity None
config.ports.port7.pinout X2
config.ports.port7.protocol RS232
config.ports.port7.speed 9600
config.ports.port7.ssh on
config.ports.port7.stop 1
config.ports.port7.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port7.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port7.terminal vt220
config.ports.port7.webshell on
config.ports.port8.charsize 8
config.ports.port8.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port8.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port8.label brtbrixag02
config.ports.port8.loglevel 0
config.ports.port8.mode portmanager
config.ports.port8.parity None
config.ports.port8.pinout X2
config.ports.port8.protocol RS232
config.ports.port8.speed 9600
config.ports.port8.ssh on
config.ports.port8.stop 1
config.ports.port8.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port8.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port8.terminal vt220
config.ports.port8.webshell on
config.ports.port9.charsize 8
config.ports.port9.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port9.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port9.label brtbraccs03
config.ports.port9.loglevel 0
config.ports.port9.parity None
config.ports.port9.pinout X2
config.ports.port9.protocol RS232
config.ports.port9.speed 9600
config.ports.port9.ssh on
config.ports.port9.stop 1
config.ports.port9.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port9.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port9.terminal vt220
config.ports.port9.webshell on
config.powersupplies.total 1
config.services.ftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.usb/tftpboot
config.services.http.enabled on
config.services.https.enabled on
config.services.snmp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.rocommunity noc_services
config.services.snmp.syscontact nio@arkadin.com
config.services.ssh.enabled on
config.services.telnet.enabled on
config.services.tftp.directory /var/mnt/storage.usb/tftpboot
config.services.webshell.enabled on
config.storage.usb.description Internal USB flash
config.storage.usb.device /dev/sda1
config.storage.usb.enabled on
config.storage.usb.mountopts -t vfat -o flush,gid=9,umask=002
config.storage.usb.type device
config.syslog.server.hostname 10.100.137.24
config.system.model CM4116
config.system.snmp.protocol UDP
config.system.snmp.trapport 162
config.system.timezone USA - Eastern
config.users.total 4
config.users.user1.description Root User
config.users.user1.disabled on
config.users.user1.groups.total 5
config.users.user1.password_nvflash on
config.users.user1.username root
config.users.user2.description netops
config.users.user2.groups.group1 admin
config.users.user2.port1 on
config.users.user2.port10 on
config.users.user2.port11 on
config.users.user2.port12 on
config.users.user2.port13 on
config.users.user2.port14 on
config.users.user2.port15 on
config.users.user2.port16 on
config.users.user2.port2 on
config.users.user2.port3 on
config.users.user2.port4 on
config.users.user2.port5 on
config.users.user2.port6 on
config.users.user2.port7 on
config.users.user2.port8 on
config.users.user2.port9 on
config.users.user2.username netops
config.users.user3.description Rancid backups
config.users.user3.groups.group1 users
config.users.user3.username rancid
config.users.user4.description Voice Operations
config.users.user4.groups.group1 pmshell
config.users.user4.port1 on
config.users.user4.port10 on
config.users.user4.port11 on
config.users.user4.port12 on
config.users.user4.port13 on
config.users.user4.port14 on
config.users.user4.port15 on
config.users.user4.port16 on
config.users.user4.port2 on
config.users.user4.port3 on
config.users.user4.port4 on
config.users.user4.port5 on
config.users.user4.port6 on
config.users.user4.port7 on
config.users.user4.port8 on
config.users.user4.port9 on
config.users.user4.username voiceops
config.version 0.4
cat: can't open '/proc/bus/usb/devices': No such file or directory
cat: can't open '/etc/config/shadow': Permission denied
OpenGear/CM41xx Version 3.16.6 058e5600 --  Tue Oct 4 14:57:44 EST 2016
